and we are with romina calendario who is part of the design team of
projects contane where we are
to non-lethal weapons we are hunting for a
in our installed booths
in this section sect
What we are going to do is to review how the mayor was protested
was taken into account in this case
good with the design with which they have chosen October that in fact I have
proposed then in the case
Good news that eta has put in very modern design
per cent white
the one that these plans doors lacquered
in mdf with chassis challenges is the tendency to look great racks leave
fights
i will try this way straight
percent and the white color has helped us a lot when it comes to in iraq for
enhance the luminosity of the home
although it has a good
qatar torás window
it was his wedding day
morning obscure the infect of the subject of shooting was monumental
that is chosen albarral in / in long
n really this model comes with a management to the purest state perea the
client is already decided to opt for the val / in the ardor that he can choose
with a storm of personal details that you currently have
wind are particular requirements that if we understand
for example, apart from the traditional drawer, it required another place of storage
with drawers so they were used to this this percent element is
whole cohan four additional drawers
and that is also restored as the place where mike banner is kept
another personal element in the double bacha with the corrido a large wick because
It will be shared with the wood
ia turn with the mp a breakfast bar
It was made in wenge color
in a dark color that contrasts with the white and at the same time matches with the
rest of typical minor furniture
good but all this that you have previously said of your belonging
beautiful some way while
this act
these parties can come to take the measure to make a survey on site
in ea party and thus establish in the function the day
and show it with the render
in it the client was the room was with us watching in the disc shop
side making modifications
i fish arrived at the final project
good averages we tell you happy and we are here we want to make a
statement that he lent in the chamber theater
I'm not saying that it's really very functional and that
thank you
and manfred bananas soon how not and not only continued with another
problem
project seismic arch professional attention and following mission course
to 3500 mccreesh synco kultrún worship 86%